c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GEO Location\GEO Location\bin\Debug\GEO Location.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GEO Location\GEO Location\bin\Debug\GEO Location.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GEO Location\GEO Location\bin\Debug\GEO Location.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GEO Location\GEO Location\bin\Debug\GEO Location.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GEO Location\GEO Location\obj\Debug\GEO Location.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GEO Location\GEO Location\obj\Debug\GEO_Location.GeoLocation.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GEO Location\GEO Location\obj\Debug\GEO_Location.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GEO Location\GEO Location\obj\Debug\GEO Location.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GEO Location\GEO Location\obj\Debug\GEO Location.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GEO Location\GEO Location\obj\Debug\GEO Location.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GEO Location\GEO Location\obj\Debug\GEO Location.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GEO Location\GEO Location\obj\Debug\GEO_Location.MORE_INFO.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GEO Location\GEO Location\obj\Debug\GEO_Location.ppp.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GEO Location\GEO Location\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.BrowserLink.12.0.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GEO Location\GEO Location\bin\Debug\EnvDTE.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GEO Location\GEO Location\bin\Debug\stdole.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GEO Location\GEO Location\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.BrowserLink.12.0.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GEO Location\GEO Location\bin\Debug\EnvDTE.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GEO Location\GEO Location\bin\Debug\GEO Location.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GEO Location\GEO Location\bin\Debug\GEO Location.application
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GEO Location\GEO Location\obj\Debug\GEO Location.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GEO Location\GEO Location\obj\Debug\GEO Location.application
